I'm not really familiar with the types of uniforms that the other services
wear, I'm very familiar with what the Navy wears, and I have to
say I really like the uniforms that we wear. These ones are called
camies, and we have matching top and bottom and a cool hat, and it looks
very very military. When we're working and we can get greasy in
lower parts of the ships, we also have these things called coveralls,
which are all blue, it's one size and you just put your legs in and
you put the tops and you zip up and it looks like an oil changer
for a car. It's the same type of uniform and you can wear these belts
that allow you to put in you know wrenches and tools and fuse pullers
and things like that, so it's very, it's work related. In our off
time, not our off time, in our non shipboard time then you can have
these nicer uniforms. So we have our blues, our dress blues, which
is really nice for the lower classes for E1 2 3 4 5 and 6 it looks
like the cracker jacks that you see everywhere, when you see the guy
kissing the girl in the famous statue, the uniform that he's wearing,
he's wearing his dress blues. Those are like the really nice uniforms
that you wear for special occasions, and they also come in a white
color as well. And it's, they get dirty very very fast but those
are the coolest ones to look at, it's kinda like the button up one.
If you remember Tom Cruise from Top Gun, he looks really so cool like
an officer, well those are the uniforms that we wear. I think they're
some of the nicest uniforms in all of the services.